# 2.10.0 (May 8th, 2019) {#2.10.0 (May 8th, 2019)}

## New {#New}

- The deployed flow name and deploy status of paid subscription devices running enebular-agent 2.5.0 and newer are now visible.
- It's now possible to tag paid subscription enabled devices which are managed in the Device List. The tags can be used with filters and searches.
- It's now possible to search for paid subscription devices which are managed in the Device List. Flows can then be deployed to those devices.
- Search results in the Device List can now be saved as filters. Flows can be deployed to the filtered devices.
- A "Sync" button has been added to the Device information. By clicking the button, enebular updates enebular-managed device information by synchronizing with AWS IoT or Pelion Device Manager.
- [enebular Operational Status](https://enebular.statuspage.io) is now available.

## Fixed {#Fixed}

- enebular now accepts lower case project names just like asset names.
- enebular no longer accepts upper case characters in email addresses at sign-up time.
  - enebular does not differentiate between upper and lower case characters used in email addresses.
- How enebular determines the result of a flow deploy has been changed, and it now correctly detects flow download failures.

## Changed {#Changed}

- Modifications have been made to allow enebular to connect to a larger number of devices. Due to these modifications, a IAM Role ARN is now required for AWS IoT connections. （For details, please refer to [Creating an AWS IoT](../../Deploy/DeployFlow/AWSIoT/MakeAWSIoTConnection.md)）

## Known Issues {#Known Issues}

- The filter function cannot be used on shared pages with InfoMotion embedded.
- Clicking on the enebular logo from the "Contact" page causes the top page to be shown in the web browser's default language instead of the original contact page language.
