---
lastUpdated: 2018-07-06
---

# 2.3.0 (July 6th, 2018)

## New

- Added a new "Published Assets" page to the Project management function
- Now published assets can be deleted from "Published Assets" page

## Fixed

- Fixed an issue that prevented the connection list from appearing when ConnectionType is set to "AWS IoT" when reserving a license at LicenseManager screen.
- Fixed an issue that allowed Reserve button in the LicenseManager screen to be clicked even if the Connection Type is not set.

## Changed

- Deleting a published asset used to also delete the original asset which it was published from, but now the only published asset will be deleted if this action is taken.
- Published assets will now be deleted if the user who published it is deleted.
- Publishing an already-published asset used to publish a new asset, but now doing so will overwrite the existing published asset.
- User ID is now obtainable from Account Settings screen.
- the twitter node on the flow editor has been updated because node-red-node-twitter on Node-RED was updated.

## Known Issues

* Opening the flow editor from a web browser shows Japanese texts even if the browser is configured to show English.
* InfoMotion-embedded pages fail to show graphs when the browser which opens them is not logged into enebular.
* The current flow editor allows multiple users to open the same flow simultaneously; however, if each clicks on "Deploy" button, only the last saved flow will remain on enebular.
