---
lastUpdated: 2019-02-01
---

# 2.7.3 (February 1st, 2019) {#2.7.3 (February 1st, 2019)}

## New {#New}

- N/A

## Fixed {#Fixed}

- Fixed the issue which was causing "Save" button to be disabled when the user attempts to change Name and Email in Account Settings once the maximum character limit is exceeded.

## Changed {#Changed}

- AWS IoT Endpoint URL and the location of Root CA certificate referred in the [documentation](https://docs.enebular.com/en/Deploy/DeployFlow/AWSIoT/) was old but these have been updated.
- Link to enebular v1 is removed.
- Both the expressions of "Redeploy" and "Redeploy Flow" appeared on the [documentation](https://docs.enebular.com/en/Deploy/DeployFlow/AWSIoT/), all corrected to "Redeploy."
- Updated the Device List screenshots on the [documentation](https://docs.enebular.com/en/Deploy/DeployFlow/AWSIoT/) to match the visual of v2.7.3's user interface.
- Flow Editor's PubNub node is upgraded into v4.0.1, and Arduino node is upgraded to v0.0.18.
- BME280,TSL2561,AnalogIn,DigitalOut,InterruptIn nodes under EEA category in Flow Editor have been updated to show English or Japanese help texts based on the user's language environment.
- Project Collaborator can view Device List for Enterprise Plan.
- Project Admin can now remove collaborators.
- Devices tab has been deleted from the Flow page. Please refer to the Device List from the Project to check status of your devices.

## Known Issues {#Known Issues}

- The shared page with InfoMotion embedded, the filter function can not be used.
- From the "Contact" page, clicking on enebular logo causes to show the top page based on the web browser's language instead of the language Contact page is showing.