---
lastUpdated: 2019-02-21
---

# 2.8.0 (February 21st, 2019) {#2.8.0 (February 21st, 2019)}

## New {#New}

- User profile image feature has been added to show the profile images of enebular accounts.
- The "Connected" column has been added DataSource to check connection status.

## Fixed {#Fixed}

- Fixed the issue on InfoMotion dashboard which caused Remove button in Manage Graph on an inappropriate location.
- Fixed the issue on InfoMotion dashboard which prevented horizontal axis to show in chronological order when LinChart is selected from enebular official assets and "random" is selected as DataSource.

## Changed {#Changed}

- Asset privilege names have been revised. Please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.enebular.com/en/Config/Access.html)for the details.
- Device List has been modified to allow users with Project Collaborator privilege to open it.
- Device List has been modified to show Endpoint name and Device Name, instead of Device ID, on Device List when deploying a flow.
- Device List has been modified to show Device Names in place of Device ID's if the devices' Connection Type is Pelion.
- Device List has been modified to show Endpoint Name in Device Info when a device which Connection Type is Pelion is selected.
- License Manager has been modified to show Endpoint name and Device name, instead of Device ID, on Device List when registering a device, if Pelion is selected as its Connection Type.
- InfoMotion dashboard has been modified so that Live mode settings can be configured per graph basis. Before this modification, only a dashboard-wide toggle option was available.

## Known Issues {#Known Issues}

- The shared page with InfoMotion embedded, the filter function can not be used.
- From the "Contact" page, clicking on enebular logo causes to show the top page based on the web browser's language instead of the language Contact page is showing.
- The users with an Outside Collaborator privilege cannot access its project, however, it is shown as clickable option in the Project list and clicking it results in error screen.
- enebular account profile images are not still available on IntoType screen which is accessible from Published Assets or Discover.
