# 2.9.0 (April 12th, 2019) {#2.9.0 (April 12th, 2019)}

## New {#New}

- Inquiry function (Support) has been added to allow users to specify a project when submitting inquiries after signing in. To access, click "Support" from the menu which appears when clicking on the account name which is shown on the top right corner.
- [NEC-BaaS](https://nec-baas.github.io/) is newly added to Data Source types for InfoMotion. [NEC-BaaS](https://nec-baas.github.io/) is a "NEC Mobile Backend Platform" provided by NEC Corporation.
- The fixed-width Side Bar which was shown after selecting a Project has been replaced by a new flexible-width Side Bar. It iconizes itself when the width is set to minimum.
 
## Fixed {#Fixed}

- The issue which was causing unlicensed devices at device selection (when deploying a flow) to show erratic Connected/Disconnected status has been fixed. Device selection no longer shows Connected/Disconnected status of unlicensed devices.
- The log entries of a device which license was deleted remained obtainable by directly referring to their URL's. This problem has been resolved and the log entries of such devices are no longer obtainable.  
- The issue which caused timeout when Device List attempts to show approximately 200 Pelion connection type devices which statuses are "Connected".

## Changed {#Changed}

- Name and Category can now be edited when publishing an Asset. 

## Known Issues {#Known Issues}

- The shared page with InfoMotion embedded, the filter function can not be used.
- From the "Contact" page, clicking on enebular logo causes to show the top page based on the web browser's language instead of the language Contact page is showing.
