---
lastUpdated: 2019-02-21
---

# 2.4.0 (February 21st, 2019) {#2.4.0 (February 21st, 2019)}

## New {#New}

- All functionalities of enebular-agent-mbed-cloud-connector has been integrated into enebular-agent.
- The install script now automatically adds AWS IoT rules for the connection status detection when it is configured to automatically add a Thing by installing AWS IoT port.
  - From now on the execution of the install script requires the privilege to create AWS IAM.

## Fixed {#Fixed}

- Fixed an issue which caused "Files Deploy" function to fail to properly process the parameters which contain white spaces.
- The "Files Deploy" function did not set default values to the configuration options. This has been fixed by setting the option defaults to "disabled" if these options are not set explicitly.

## Changed {#Changed}

- enebular-agent has been modified to automatically invoke enebular-agent-mbed-cloud-connector. The users of enebular-agent are no longer required to start it separately.
- enebular-agent has been modified so that detailed output from the install script will be saved as log files.
- The install script has been modified to detect the absence of the required applications（Python,gcc, make, cmake) and to install them automatically.
- enebular-agent has been modified so that the authentication information inside the flow in Flow Editor will be encrypted.
- enebular-agent has been modified to log error messages at the startup time.
- enebular-agent has been modified to log the enebular-agent version at the start time.
- enebular-agent has been modified to log the memory usages periodically.
- [mbed-cloud-client](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-cloud-client) library has been updated to version 2.1.0.

## Known Issues {#Known Issues}

N/A
